# TF2.2 — ASL code contributions

The aim of TF2.2 is to develop a code collection of open-source functions, scripts, and in-house pipelines for ASL perfusion imaging analysis. This is aimed at developers of ASL perfusion methods looking for specific functionality or development templates, or who want to share their own in-house code with others. Contributions will be sourced from the community and may include individual functions and more complete pipelines in various programming languages. TF2.2 will organize these in a coherent and well documented structure.

The code repository details are listed on the [Code Repositories page](../pyCode.md).

## Leads

- [María Mora](mailto:magumoal@gmail.com)
- [Azeez Adebimpe](mailto:azeez.adebimpe@bayer.com)

## Ongoing projects

For this delivery cycle, the code collection will be focused on preclinical and non-brain applications. Beginning with images of vendors' products would be the priority, including PASL and pCASL for brain imaging, and eventually incorporate reconstruction from k-space. Any functionality beyond that is reserved for future updates.

The code will be collected and organised in two main phases. In the first phase (May 2023 – Feb 2024), a complete collection of code will be sourced from the community through a public call for contributions. The code will be classified and organised according to functionality and will undergo a minimal verification, but will not otherwise be modified, harmonised, documented or tested. In a second phase (May 2024 – Feb 2025) the code will be harmonised, tested more rigorously and documented. If you want to know more about our ongoing project, please read here our [two-year roadmap](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1FzOFMV420xew2oiSDq4Wi3tRZ45if73Rw-6at2hKNFw/edit#bookmark=id.28nk37pzp6i).

We continuously welcome new ASL code contributions. At the moment we have a special interest in extending our repository with code for preclinical and non-brain code snippets. Contact the leads for more information on how you can contribute your code.

## Publications

- ISMRM abstract 2022 — [cds.ismrm.org/protected/22MProceedings/PDFfiles/0914.html](https://cds.ismrm.org/protected/22MProceedings/PDFfiles/0914.html)
- Mora Álvarez M.G., Zhou L., Wang Y., Zhao L., Dolui S., Taso M., Wang Z., Adebimpe A., Mutsaerts H., and Madhuranthakam A.J. (2023). The Open Science Initiative for Perfusion Imaging (OSIPI) ASL Processing Code Library. To be submitted to MRM.
