# TF2.3 — DSC/DCE code contributions

TF2.3 has built a code collection consisting of open-source python functions for DCE/DSC perfusion imaging analysis. Contributions came from researchers across the world who wanted to share their own in-house developments with others. The code was tested, with results freely available on a website (see below). The aim was to make this tested code available for developers and scientists looking for specific functionality or development templates, so that users could have confidence in the code and avoid duplicating work already done by others.

The main aim of the current OSIPI roadmap is to make this code user-friendly, providing users with the building blocks for DCE analysis (e.g. different kinetic models) in standard nomenclature, and the ability to link them together. We will use the lexicon notation for quantities, models and analysis developed by TF4.2 and rework the existing code to develop a new python package.

The code repository details are listed on the [Code Repositories page](../pyCode.md).

## Leads

- [Sirisha Tadimalla](mailto:sirisha.tadimalla@sydney.edu.au)
- [Lucy Kershaw](mailto:lucy.kershaw@ed.ac.uk)

## Ongoing projects

There are two main strands to our ongoing work. Firstly, we aim to bring the DSC part of our code collection to a similar stage as the DCE part. In particular we need to collect extra code from contributors and define a basic minimum processing pipeline. The other piece of ongoing work is the development of our python package, adding functionality to the existing skeleton including documentation and examples.

If you want to know more about our ongoing project, please read here our [two-year roadmap](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1FzOFMV420xew2oiSDq4Wi3tRZ45if73Rw-6at2hKNFw/edit#bookmark=id.obucmtsk8skv).

Although we have a large number of contributions, there are still some gaps in functionality (especially for DSC) and further code contributions are welcome. Please follow the instructions on the [wiki](https://github.com/OSIPI/DCE-DSC-MRI_CodeCollection/wiki) with information about how to submit code to the collection and develop tests, or contact the leads for more information.

## Publications

- van Houdt PJ, Ragunathan S, Berks M, Ahmed Z, Kershaw LE, Gurney-Champion OJ, Tadimalla S, Arvidsson J, Sun Y, Kallehauge J, Dickie B, Lévy S, Bell L, Sourbron S, Thrippleton MJ. Contrast‐agent‐based perfusion MRI code repository and testing framework: ISMRM Open Science Initiative for Perfusion Imaging (OSIPI). Magn Reson Med. 2023;1-13. doi: [10.1002/mrm.29826](https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/full/10.1002/mrm.29826) (also presented at ISMRM2022 in London and at ISMRM Benelux 2022)
- TF lead Sirisha Tadimalla talking about OSIPI at MRI Together in 2021: [MRI Together 2021 – D1 (Pacific) – Hands-on: OSIPI Experience on Scientific… (S. Tadimalla)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yGBiDGBtJGY)
- Berks, M. Open Science Initiative for Perfusion Imaging (OSIPI): a global collaboration of researchers committed to improving software in their field. SeptembRSE 2021 [SeptembRSE: 13th September – Afternoon](https://youtube.com/watch?v=dk9SzgCCH4s&ab_channel=SocietyofResearchSoftwareEngineering#t=22m35s…)

## Resources

!!! abstract "Test results website"
    Test results website with information about how we tested the submitted code and the results.

    [📘 See the test results](https://osipi.github.io/DCE-DSC-MRI_TestResults/intro.html)
