# TF2.4 — IVIM code contributions

As of the start of the second OSIPI roadmap, a task force dedicated towards code contributions for intravoxel incoherent motion (IVIM) analysis was founded (TF2.4). The aim of the task force is to gather and test code relevant for IVIM analysis. In particular, model fitting code in Python and Matlab will be gathered. A test bed including automated tests as well as both simulated and in vivo data of the brain and upper abdomen will be used to evaluate the gathered code. The phantoms and tests can also serve as a benchmark for future developments. Building upon the code and resources generated in its roadmap, a long-term goal of the task force is to form a harmonized code library for IVIM-related code.

The code repository details are listed on the [Python Code Repositories page](../pyCode.md).

## Leads

- [Oliver Gurney-Champion](mailto:o.j.gurney-champion@amsterdamumc.nl)
- [Oscar Jalnefjord](mailto:oscar.jalnefjord@gu.se)

## Ongoing projects

The task force is now focusing on extending the code contributions and test suite. The task force is currently working actively with automated presentation of test results from available code contributions. We are also writing wrapper functions, such that any contribution can be run using a simple python object in which you specify the preferred fitting method/contribution.

If you want to know more about our ongoing project, please read here our [two-year roadmap](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1FzOFMV420xew2oiSDq4Wi3tRZ45if73Rw-6at2hKNFw/edit#bookmark=kix.bfc7493zayvq).

If you have IVIM code you want to share, please follow the [contribution guidelines](https://github.com/OSIPI/TF2.4_IVIM-MRI_CodeCollection/blob/main/doc/guidelines_for_contributions.md), or contact the co-leads for more information.

## Resources

!!! abstract "DRO data"
    A subfolder of the repository hosts digital phantom data which can serve as a benchmark for future developments.

    [🧪 Go to the DRO data](https://github.com/OSIPI/TF2.4_IVIM-MRI_CodeCollection/tree/main/phantoms)
