# TF3.2 — Clinical and preclinical data

The goal of this task force is to build an inventory of freely available clinical and preclinical perfusion MRI data. The inventory is aimed at researchers looking for data to test their perfusion analysis methods, and at data owners who want to share data for secondary research. The inventory will provide a curated list of publicly available preclinical and clinical perfusion datasets that can be used to test algorithms in real-world conditions for robustness, reproducibility and practicality. Based on the available data we plan to perform a meta-analysis of perfusion data (e.g. field strengths, acquisitions, contrast agents, non-contrast) and evaluate the datasets for completeness. Through this we would identify pitfalls with sharing perfusion data and what is required to ensure you have curated data for sharing, which could lead to a white paper on "how to" share perfusion data.

!!! warning "Inactive"
    The task force is currently inactive due to insufficient members. If you have experience sharing data, we are actively looking for a few people to lead the next phase of the work in this task force. Drop us a mail to chat about the possibilities!

## Contact

- [Management team](mailto:ismrmosipi@gmail.com)

## Resources

!!! abstract "Data inventory"
    The inventory lists currently available preclinical and clinical perfusion imaging data sets.

    [📘 Check out the inventory](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/e/2PACX-1vT74GQ4c9NfslwHhxArQqa5k_5yZfP8uZjBsbK7F8q7bt76xhq9Vbp4HgSi8pNZjC3WcFRgxzVl_arm/pubhtml)
