# TF4.1 — ASL Lexicon

Task Force 4.1 develops a standardized lexicon and reporting recommendations for Arterial Spin Labeling (ASL) perfusion MRI.

The guidelines developed by TF4.1 enable interoperability and facilitate the comparison of results produced by different ASL analysis tools, studies, or sites. The task force aims to harmonize and increase the detail in the description of parameters and configurations, enable encoding of the complete perfusion imaging workflow, and pave the way for consensus building. An important application is the amendment of the DICOM standard for ASL perfusion parametric maps, as well as BIDS extensions, and the development of demonstrations and use cases.

See the [Lexicons overview](../lexicons.md) for the published ASL Lexicon and CAPLEX resources.

!!! abstract "ASL Lexicon"
    Standardized nomenclature and terminology for a broad range of ASL imaging techniques and parameters, as well as for the physiological constants required for quantitative analysis.

    [📘 ASL Lexicon](https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vSWItjZWR51N5FPsGnKQd5oaLwvwWF4VkuOgWgVSg2lXmPaGwcPkI9fZkbFbuDe0vWEhMzeJNtQ6wqc/pub)

!!! abstract "ASL Methods Section Generator"
    An automatic "Methods section generator" extracts and formats key imaging parameters from DICOM and BIDS images. This tool helps researchers correctly report ASL acquisition parameters in a standardized way, contributing to the broader goal of harmonization in perfusion MRI studies.

    [📘 Methods Generator](https://osipi.ismrm.org/task-forces/tf4-1/asl-parameter-generator/)

## Leads

- [David Thomas](mailto:d.thomas@ucl.ac.uk)
- [Patricia Clement](mailto:patricia.clement@ugent.be)

## Ongoing projects

In the roadmap 2023-2025, TF4.1 is transferring the current Lexicon to a user-friendly webpage on the OSIPI website, to complement and expand on the MRM paper. The Lexicon will also be expanded to cover more ASL methods. Additionally, the task force will verify harmonization of the Lexicon with ASL-BIDS, and highlight and explain discrepancies where they are unavoidable. Finally, in collaboration with OSIPI TF5.2, the task force is developing practical introductory multimedia educational tools, using terminology from the Lexicon, for clinicians and radiographers/technicians, to help break down barriers to the use of ASL in the clinical domain.

## Publications

- ISMRM abstract 2022 — [cds.ismrm.org/protected/22MProceedings/PDFfiles/0908.html](https://cds.ismrm.org/protected/22MProceedings/PDFfiles/0908.html)
- Suzuki Y, Clement P, Dai W, et al. ASL lexicon and reporting recommendations: A consensus report from the ISMRM Open Science Initiative for Perfusion Imaging (OSIPI). Magn Reson Med. 2023; 1-18. doi: 10.1002/mrm.29815
