# TF4.2 — DCE/DSC Lexicon (CAPLEX)

Task Force 4.2 has developed CAPLEX, an open-source lexicon of standardized quantities, models, and analysis processes for contrast-agent based perfusion MRI (DCE and DSC-MRI).

Over the past 3 years, TF4.2 has developed an open-source lexicon of standardized quantities, models, and analysis processes for DCE/DSC analyses, dubbed CAPLEX. The aim of CAPLEX is to standardize the way researchers report their DCE/DSC analyses in papers and other documentation by providing standard nomenclature and definitions for commonly used quantities, models, and processes. The lexicon is hosted online and the website code is open-source, with contributions welcomed. In addition to the lexicon, the task force has developed human-readable and machine-readable reporting formats to help researchers precisely report their analysis pipelines using CAPLEX terminology.

See the [Lexicons overview](../lexicons.md) for the published ASL Lexicon and CAPLEX resources.

!!! abstract "CAPLEX"
    CAPLEX is a library of standardized definitions of quantities, models, and analysis processes commonly used in contrast-agent based perfusion MRI (DCE and DSC-MRI).

    [📘 CAPLEX website](https://osipi.github.io/OSIPI_CAPLEX/)  <br>
    [🧪 CAPLEX code repository](https://github.com/OSIPI/OSIPI_CAPLEX)

## Leads

- [Ben Dickie](mailto:ben.dickie@manchester.ac.uk)

The task force is actively looking for new members.

## Ongoing projects

The task force is midway through its 2nd 2-year [roadmap](https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vQqOATrWE2COIXq4qTkEe1Bix26GVr_-YTKUJbevCPXXFJf_nMKH3_Nw3DMsY2BcZHPKBG3EOg4SU4r/pub). The primary aims of this roadmap are to improve user experience and documentation, with the goal of establishing CAPLEX as a key resource within the DCE/DSC field. For example, the task force aims to provide researchers with tools that incorporate lexicon terminology into materials and methods text and to provide educational tools on the lexicon structure and use. The task force is also aiming to establish links and integrate more with other standard initiatives such as DICOM and QIBA.

## Publications

- ISMRM abstract 2021 — [cds.ismrm.org/protected/21MProceedings/PDFfiles/1093.html](https://cds.ismrm.org/protected/21MProceedings/PDFfiles/1093.html)
- ISMRM abstract 2022 — [cds.ismrm.org/protected/22MProceedings/PDFfiles/0803.html](https://cds.ismrm.org/protected/22MProceedings/PDFfiles/0803.html)
- Dickie B.R, Ahmed Z, Arvidsson J, Bell L, Buckley DL, Debus C, Fedorov A, Floca R, Gutmann I, van der Heijden RA, van Houdt PJ, Sourbron S, Thrippleton MJ, Quarles C, Kompan I. A community-endorsed open-source lexicon for contrast-agent based perfusion MRI (CAPLEX): A consensus guidelines report from the ISMRM Open Science Initiative for Perfusion Imaging (OSIPI). Mag Resn Med, 2023. doi: 10.1002/mrm.29840
