# TF6.1 — ASL Challenge

Task Force 6.1 creates challenges that serve as benchmarks for ASL perfusion analysis practices, pipelines, and software.

The goal of this task force is to create challenges that can serve as widely recognized benchmarks for perfusion analysis practices, pipelines, and software. This involves the development of metrics that quantify the performance of a perfusion analysis tool (e.g. bias and precision on DROs, agreement with reference methods in-vivo, reproducibility on in-vivo data, processing time). The long-term objective is to establish OSIPI as an independent arbiter for software solutions in perfusion imaging.

The ISMRM ASL MRI Challenge is the outcome of the first roadmap set by OSIPI TF6.1. Launched in February 2021, this challenge was designed to compare ASL data processing pipelines, taking into account the image analysis steps, CBF quantification accuracy, and reproducibility of the submitted pipelines. In the first roadmap challenge, the task force successfully identified and understood sources of CBF variability, particularly in cases involving motion in the data.

!!! abstract "First ASL challenge"
    This repository contains all the documentation and datasets provided for the ISMRM-OSIPI ASL Challenge.

    [📘 Go to the repository](https://osf.io/6xyu3/)

!!! abstract "Second ASL challenge"
    Work-in-progress: challenge on multi-PLD ASL. Stay tuned! Coming soon.

## Leads

- [Andre Paschoal](mailto:andremp@unicamp.br)
- [Icaro Oliveira](mailto:icaro.oliveira2@uhn.ca)

## Ongoing projects

The task force is in the process of launching the second ASL Challenge focusing on multi-PLD ASL. Challenge design and dataset definition are already completed. The task force is preparing an ISMRM abstract (2024) to share the goals of the next Challenge with the community. More details are available in the [two-year roadmap](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1FzOFMV420xew2oiSDq4Wi3tRZ45if73Rw-6at2hKNFw/edit#bookmark=kix.bc32yvh9bcd2).

## Publications

- ISMRM abstract 2021 — [https://cds.ismrm.org/protected/21MProceedings/PDFfiles/2714.html](https://cds.ismrm.org/protected/21MProceedings/PDFfiles/2714.html)
- ISMRM abstract 2022 — [https://cds.ismrm.org/protected/22MProceedings/PDFfiles/0910.html](https://cds.ismrm.org/protected/22MProceedings/PDFfiles/0910.html)
- (under review, submitted to MRM) — Reproducibility of ASL Cerebral Blood Flow image processing: A Report of The Open Science Initiative for Perfusion Imaging and The ISMRM Arterial Spin Labeling MRI Challenge.
