---
layout: page
title: "02 November 2020: A new set of milestones achieved!"
teaser: "OSIPI task forces have completed a series of new milestones."
comments: false
categories:
  - newsletter
---

Dear colleagues,

The OSIPI task forces have completed a number of new milestones. Here are the summaries (**IN PROGRESS**):

**OSIPI Taskforce 2.3 (DCE/DSC code contributions)** led by Michael Thrippleton and Petra van Houdt has completed Milestone 2 (milestone lead: Sudarshan Ragunathan). We have established [a Github repository] (https://github.com/OSIPI/DCE-DSC-MRI_CodeCollection) for collecting DCE/DSC code in Python. At present the library contains code for T1 mapping, including automated unit testing and test coverage monitoring. We continue to refine the process for integration and testing of code contributions, and we will expand the range of DC functionality in future milestones. The repository provides tested, open-source code for researchers and developers, and will ultimately be used to create a single harmonised DCE/DSC code library in collaboration with task force 2.1.

**Task force 3.2 (Clinical and preclinical data)** prepared the initial list of the attributes that will accompany the public datasets that will be included in the inventory. This list is open to revisions based on the experience assembling the inventory, and suggestions from the community. We welcome community suggestions for the refinement of the proposed list. 

Please see [here](https://bit.ly/3823H2U) for details. 


Best wishes,
<a href="mailto:s.sourbron@sheffield.ac.uk">Steven</a>, <a href="mailto:laura.bell@barrowneuro.org">Laura</a>, and <a href="mailto:henkjanmutsaerts@gmail.com">Henk-Jan</a>
