---
layout: page
title: "14 August 2020: First milestones achieved!"
teaser: "All task forces in OSIPI have successfully delivered their first milestones."
comments: false
categories:
  - newsletter
---

Dear colleagues,

All task forces in OSIPI have successfully delivered their first milestones! This is a major step and puts us firmly on track to deliver our main aims in a timely manner. Some of the task forces will communicate separately in more detail, but here are the highlights:

**Task force 1.1 (ASL software inventory)** has created an online questionnaire for ASL developers who have built their own ASL analysis pipelines. The survey will form the basis for the inventory of ASL pipelines that will be published and maintained by the task force. See [here](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSf-4_pBXFA31htMNPZo1kQgcY0EJ5_AWxjyvkkYIQVGUHo6sg/viewform) for more details.

**Task force 1.2 (DSC/DCE software inventory)** has created a list of available DSC/DCE software, including both commercial and open-source tools, with links. The list can be found [here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/14avwqgQv6l0Uw7xExz9P0w-rwwY-e2cA/view). If you know of any relevant software packages that are missing from the list, please contact the task force co-lead [Melissa Prah](mailto:mprah@mcw.edu).

**Task force 2.1 (Library structure and management)** is currently finalisng the outline of the library specifications document that will form the basis for ASL, DCE and DSC software libraries. Details will follow soon..

**Task force 2.2 (ASL software contributions)** has prepared a scope document for their code collection with details about the functionality, programming languages, testing capabilities, code harmonization, documentation, and the publication. Please see [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ioVbJKTfeoIGwCYcq6IsWwl9o_W4wRfeSFHXo6msCQQ/edit#) for details. A call for contributions will go out before the end of august.

**Task force 2.3 (DSC/DCE software contributions)** has prepared a scope document for their code collection with details about the targeted functionality, software languages for v1.0 of the DSC/DCE Library as well as the general approach to collection, verification and harmonization of code. Please see [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1SmGhdzUPREHjpGtSEQohmIYz1Fi-XmHm0R8_Qp8xCuI/edit#heading=h.qbn3y9arw2jn) for details. 

**Task force 3.1 (DRO's and phantoms)** is working on a scope document for an inventory of existing DRO's. Details to follow soon..

Best wishes,
<a href="mailto:s.sourbron@sheffield.ac.uk">Steven</a>, <a href="mailto:laura.bell@barrowneuro.org">Laura</a>, and <a href="mailto:henkjanmutsaerts@gmail.com">Henk-Jan</a>
