---
layout: page
title: "31 July 2023: 1st milestones from 2nd roadmap achieved!"
teaser: "OSIPI task forces have successfully delivered their first milestones."
comments: false
categories:
  - newsletter
---

Dear colleagues,

OSIPI task forces have delivered their 1st milestones from our 2nd two-year roadmap! Here are the highlights:

**Task force 1.1 (ASL software inventory)** has submitted a journal paper and is currently revising it; the paper summarizes the activities of the TF1.1 during the first 2 years and will serve as a resource for new ASL researchers to select the optimal pipeline for processing ASL data. 

**Task force 2.2 (ASL software contributions)** sent out a targeted call for preclinical and non-brain processing code. If you are interested in our work, please join our team! 

**Task force 2.3 (DSC/DCE software contributions)** defined the scope for the analysis pipeline that we want to build based on exisiting code contributions, including CAPLEX notation (TF4.2). In parallel with this, we've been documenting the code that we already have, labelling it with the CAPLEX notation so that we know what functionality we have immediately available. 

**Task force 2.4 (IVIM code contribution)** has been extended to 8 members. A GitHub repository has been launched: [OSIPI TF2.4: IVIM MRI code collection.](https://github.com/OSIPI/TF2.4_IVIM-MRI_CodeCollection) 
If you have any (python) IVIM code, please consider contributing to our efforts. 
We have made a start with writing Unit Tests and creating phantom data for testing purposes. 

**Task force 3.1 (DRO's and phantoms)** 

**Task force 4.1 (ASL lexicon)** has contacted with ISMRT leadership team to launch a poll to assess the needs of the radiographers regarding ASL tutorial videos. We are also actively involved in task force 5.2 to ensure harmonization of format/style and delineate the topics to be covered in the tutorial videos. Contact has been made with task force 5.1 (website) to initiate the transfer of the ASL lexicon from Google Docs to the official OSIPI website. 

**Task force 4.2 (DCE/DSC lexicon)** has been working on adding documentation to the CAPLEX Github page so  that it is clear how to edit (or suggest) edits to the CAPLEX webpage. Some additional content to CAPLEX website has been migrated from the google docs. Full migration is almost complete. Educational resources are being developed in collaboration with the education task force which will result in 1-2 videos on DCE\DSC for the webpage. 

**Task force 5.1 (Website and technical support)** is busy with the migration and redesigning of content from osipi.github.io to osipi.ismrm.org. The basic assets are now available from the new website. Taskforce pages are under construction. We are collaborating with other Task Forces to discuss how we can integrate their resources on the website.

**Task force 5.2 (Education)** has nearly completed a reading list of essential articles for new investigators  in perfusion MRI (ASL, DCE, and DSC). The task force is also working on a series of tutorial videos. These include the following subjects: (1) The basics and motivation of perfusion imaging,(2) the physics of arterial spin labeling, (3) the physics of DSC , (4) the physics of DCE, and (5) how to run perfusion scans: a technician's point of view.  The task force has  nearly completed the scripts for three of these videos and is in the process of gathering graphics and animations to complete the videos. 

**Task force 6.1 (ASL challenges)** have discussed the general framework for this roadmap of the ASL challenge, but we didn't finish drafting it yet. We will push some effort to finish that this month.

**Task force 6.2 (DSC/DCE challenges)** has collected a test-retest data set that includes 14 cases of pelvic volunteer images. The image data set includes inversion recovery images for T1 mapping and DCE MRI data. We are currently designing the challenge outline.



Best wishes,
<a href="mailto:yuriko.suzuki@ndcn.ox.ac.uk">Yuriko</a>, <a href="mailto:p.v.houdt@nki.nl">Petra</a>, and <a href="mailto:ben.dickie@manchester.ac.uk">Ben</a>
